Edits from KB reports (#4305)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/engagement_tools/canvas/faqs.md

The number of users entering a Canvas may differ from your expected number because of how audiences and triggers are evaluated. In Braze, an audience is evaluated before the trigger (unless using a [change in attribute]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/engagement_tools/campaigns/building_campaigns/delivery_types/triggered_delivery/attribute_triggers/#change-custom-attribute-value) trigger). This will cause users to drop out of the Canvas if not part of your selected audience before any trigger actions are evaluated.

### Why is my Canvas step conversion rate not equal to my Canvas variant total conversion rate?

> It’s common for a Canvas variant’s conversion total to be greater than the sum of its step total. This occurs because a suer can perform a conversion event for a variant as soon as they enter the variant. However, this same conversion event doesn't count towards a Canvas step. So, any user who enters the Canvas, peforms the conversion event before receiving the first Canvas step, will be counted towards the variant conversion total, and not towards the step total. The same is true for a user who enters the Canvas but exits the Canvas before receiving any step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It’s common for a Canvas variant’s conversion total to be greater than the sum of its step total. This occurs because a user can perform a conversion event for a variant as soon as they enter the variant. However, this same conversion event doesn't count toward a Canvas step. So, any user who enters the Canvas, and performs the conversion event before receiving the first Canvas step, will be counted towards the variant conversion total, and not towards the step total. The same is true for a user who enters the Canvas but exits the Canvas before receiving any step.
```

> It’s common for a Canvas variant’s conversion total to be greater than the sum of its step total. This occurs because a suer can perform a conversion event for a variant as soon as they enter the variant. However, this same conversion event doesn't count towards a Canvas step. So, any user who enters the Canvas, peforms the conversion event before receiving the first Canvas step, will be counted towards the variant conversion total, and not towards the step total. The same is true for a user who enters the Canvas but exits the Canvas before receiving any step.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It’s common for a Canvas variant’s conversion total to be greater than the sum of its step total. This occurs because a user can perform a conversion event for a variant as soon as they enter the variant. However, this same conversion event doesn't count toward a Canvas step. So, any user who enters the Canvas and performs the conversion event before receiving the first Canvas step will be counted towards the variant conversion total, and not towards the step total. The same is true for a user who enters the Canvas but exits the Canvas before receiving any step.
```
